




Website Project




Client:
Name of Client

Prepared by:
Netwave Interactive
Executive Summary
A company’s website is a crucial marketing tool as it is often the first impression that potential customers have of a business. A well-designed website will enhance a company’s online presence, increase customer engagement, and ultimately boost sales.

Netwave will design the new website to accomplish the following goals:
	•	Goal 1 (example - simplify the navigation so customers can quickly locate needed services)
	•	Goal 2 (example - Prominently display key services on the home page)
	•	Goal 3 (Incorporate a project photo gallery to showcase recently completed projects)
	•	Improve technology to appear properly on smart devices
	•	Incorporate new branding
	•	Support lead generation campaigns
	•	Display new product offerings
	•	Support SEO services 

Recommended Services:
Copywriting
Squarespace Development

Sitemap
The scope of work and estimates within this proposal are based on the sitemap below. The new website will include the following pages:

Main Navigation: 
Page
Page
Page
	•	Sub page 1
	•	Sub page 2
	•	Sub page 3
Page

Unlinked / Footer Navigation:
Page
Page
Scope of Work

Copywriting
[If Netwave is writing the content, use the following]
In crafting your website, we understand the importance content plays in capturing the attention of your audience. The content we provide will ensure your website communicates your message effectively. Our copywriting process begins with a thorough understanding of your brand, goals, and target audience. This includes an initial client interview to gather insights and objectives, research into the industry, competitors, and existing content (if applicable). Based on the insights gathered during the discovery phase, our copywriter will craft high-quality and original content that resonates with your audience and aligns with your brand voice. This includes writing and editing of website copy for all designated pages, and the creation of engaging headlines, taglines, and calls to action.

We will write / edit the following content for your new website: 
TBD
TBD

[If client is writing the content, use the following]
Content / Imagery
All page content and imagery will be provided by [CLIENT]. Any edits required to edit the content to make it usable will be considered out of scope of this proposal and will be estimated separately. If any additional imagery needs to be sourced by Netwave, this will also be estimated separately. 




Squarespace Development
Our website design process begins with understanding your brand, goals, and target audience. Netwave will host a meeting with one of our designers to review inspiration, design preferences, and project objectives.
Netwave will start by designing the homepage and one inside page, usually a specific service page. The client will have the opportunity to review and provide feedback throughout the design process. We will incorporate the revisions as necessary. Once the initial pages are approved, Netwave will design the rest of the website’s unique pages listed within the sitemap.
Then, Netwave will populate the remaining areas of the website with the approved copy and images. To improve search engine visibility, all of the website content will be optimized to Google’s latest standards.
Before launching the website, we thoroughly test the website to ensure it functions flawlessly. This process includes cross-browser and cross-device compatibility testing and performance optimization.

We will integrate the following functionalities and features for the new website:
	•	TBD
	•	TBD
	•	TBD


Squarespace Fees
A Squarespace website requires an annual subscription plan. The Business plan caters to growing businesses that require additional features such as marketing tools and complete customization options. This plan is priced at $386.40 per year when billed annually. Payment for the annual fee is due in full before we can launch the website. 
It's important to note that there might be additional costs associated with premium features, such as custom domain purchases, premium integrations, and third-party extensions. These costs will be clearly outlined and discussed with you during the website development process to ensure a comprehensive understanding of the total investment required.



Why Squarespace?

Squarespace is a leading website building and hosting platform that offers an array of features and benefits, making it an ideal choice for creating and maintaining a professional and visually appealing website. 

Some features and benefits of Squarespace include:
User-Friendly Interface: Squarespace provides an intuitive and user-friendly interface, allowing users with varying technical expertise to effortlessly create and manage their websites. Its drag-and-drop functionality makes it easy to customize the website's layout, design, and content without extensive coding knowledge.

Stunning Templates: Squarespace templates are fully customizable, allowing for the creation of a unique and personalized website that aligns with your brand and vision. The responsive design ensures the website looks great and functions seamlessly across various devices, including desktops, tablets, and mobile phones.

Reliable Hosting and Security: Squarespace takes care of website maintenance, security patches, and software updates, ensuring that the website remains secure and operates smoothly at all times.

E-Commerce Capabilities: Squarespace provides seamless e-commerce integration for selling products or services online. It offers a comprehensive set of tools for managing inventory, processing payments, and tracking orders.

Estimate 
This estimate was prepared on [DATE].

Service
Description
Copywriting
Interview with the client, copywriting for areas outlined in this proposal. 
Squarespace Development
Customize Squarespace theme, site population/page building and styling, develop notable site features, and website launch.
Squarespace Subscription
The Squarespace subscription will be purchased by Netwave and renewed annually.  Subscription is due in full before the website is launched. 
$386.40 per year
Account Management
Your account manager will coordinate this project with you from start to finish. Their time will include phone calls and meetings to discuss project details and progress
TOTAL
$0,000

INFORMATION:
This estimate will be honored for 30 days from the date above. Price accurate to +/- 10% the price quoted here is only for the work described within this estimate. A 50% deposit is required to commence work. Balance is due prior to launch.

Review
Once the estimate is approved, Netwave will submit a digital copy of the proposal, our Agency Agreement, and a deposit invoice for payment. Upon signature and receipt of payment, the project will commence. If any new requests for development and/or design, new specs, new documents or anything that Netwave hasn’t already seen is brought up after the project has already started, additional costs can be added to the remaining invoices or can be handled in another phase of the project.


Terms and Conditions
This estimate is governed by the terms and conditions set forth within the Agency Agreement signed by the client. By signing this estimate, the client is agreeing to those terms and the terms set forth within this document and agrees to pay for services rendered.
If completion of the Company’s obligations under these Terms is prevented or delayed by any act or omission of the Client or its agents, subcontractors, consultants, or employees, Netwave shall not be deemed in breach of its obligations under these Terms or otherwise liable for any costs, charges or losses sustained or incurred by Client.  In each case where the Client delay exceeds 30 days during any phase of the project, the project will be removed from our production schedule and all costs incurred to date will be invoiced to the client at that time, payable upon receipt.  Subsequently, upon continuation of the project, the project will be re-estimated based on the remaining work to be completed. Upon approval, the project shall be placed into our production schedule where it fits at the time. 

Website
The website estimate is based upon the Client and Agency agreeing to the following process:
Based upon an approved site map, copy will be developed. The Client is then entitled to one round of revisions. After approval of the copy, the client will be presented with a home page design and an inside page design, including one round of revisions. With the approved copy and design materials, the website will be coded and presented to the client.  Two rounds of revisions (excluding copy and layout already approved) are included before pushing the site live. Any deviation from this process or project scope, such as changes made to layout and copy after coding, may result in project delays and will result in additional costs. The Agency currently supports the latest two versions of the following browsers: Microsoft Edge, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, and Safari. If compatibility with a browser other than these is required, the Agency will provide the additional server at the hourly rate of $150 per hour, which will be added to the final payment. 
Websites are billed in three installments. A 50% deposit is required to begin work. An additional 25% payment will be required once the design is approved. The remaining balance is due upon approval of the site and before the site is turned live.




Signatures

Client Signature: 
Company Name						Date

Agency Signature:
Netwave Interactive Marketing, Inc.  			             Date


Sincerely,

Name
Title

Netwave Interactive Marketing, Inc.
email@netwaveinteractive.com





