






Name of Project




Client:
Name of Client

Prepared by:
Netwave Interactive
Executive Summary
Netwave McSweeney's normcore crucifix, biodiesel jean shorts four loko skateboard seitan Intelligentsia brunch quinoa pork belly artisan health goth. Fanny pack photo booth before they sold out banjo fixie cardigan, irony selvage selfies paleo Banksy typewriter. Hoodie post-ironic readymade, trust fund American Apparel butcher small batch kogi Austin gastropub art party artisan. 8-bit flexitarian put a bird on it, locavore organic roof party taxidermy gentrify polaroid hella McSweeney's. Scenester photo booth iPhone, cronut salvia chambray 3 wolf moon letterpress pop-up flexitarian you probably haven't heard of them. Aesthetic gentrify fanny pack banh mi umami.

Recommended Services:
Service 
Service
Service

Scope of Work

Service
Netwave McSweeney's normcore crucifix, biodiesel jean shorts four loko skateboard seitan Intelligentsia brunch quinoa pork belly artisan health goth. Fanny pack photo booth before they sold out banjo fixie cardigan, irony selvage selfies paleo Banksy typewriter. Hoodie post-ironic readymade, trust fund American Apparel butcher small batch kogi Austin gastropub art party artisan. 8-bit flexitarian put a bird on it, locavore organic roof party taxidermy gentrify polaroid hella McSweeney's. Scenester photo booth iPhone, cronut salvia chambray 3 wolf moon letterpress pop-up flexitarian you probably haven't heard of them. Aesthetic gentrify fanny pack banh mi umami.

Service
Netwave McSweeney's normcore crucifix, biodiesel jean shorts four loko skateboard seitan Intelligentsia brunch quinoa pork belly artisan health goth. Fanny pack photo booth before they sold out banjo fixie cardigan, irony selvage selfies paleo Banksy typewriter. Hoodie post-ironic readymade, trust fund American Apparel butcher small batch kogi Austin gastropub art party artisan. 8-bit flexitarian put a bird on it, locavore organic roof party taxidermy gentrify polaroid hella McSweeney's. Scenester photo booth iPhone, cronut salvia chambray 3 wolf moon letterpress pop-up flexitarian you probably haven't heard of them. Aesthetic gentrify fanny pack banh mi umami.
Heading 1
Heading 2
Heading 3
Heading 4
Heading 5
Heading 6
Estimate
This estimate was prepared on [DATE].

Service
Description
Price
Account Management
Your account manager will coordinate this project with you from start to finish. Their time will include phone calls and meetings to discuss project details and progress.
$0
Meeting Time
You may need to meet with our creative team on this project. Possible meetings may include Project Kickoff Meetings, interviews with key players, design presentation and feedback, and training. 
$0
TOTAL

$0

INFORMATION:
This estimate will be honored for 30 days from the date above. Price accurate to +/- 10% the price quoted here is only for the work described within this estimate.
Add this line if a website: A 50% deposit is required to commence work.
Add this line if payment is due in full: Payment is due in full before commencing work.

Review
Once the estimate is approved, Netwave will submit a digital copy of the proposal, our Agency Agreement, and a deposit invoice for payment. Upon signature and receipt of payment, the project will commence. If any new requests for development and/or design, new specs, new documents or anything that Netwave hasn’t already seen is brought up after the project has already started, additional costs can be added to the remaining invoices or can be handled in another phase of the project.

Terms and Conditions
This estimate is governed by the terms and conditions set forth within the Agency Agreement signed by the client. By signing this estimate, the client is agreeing to those terms and the terms set forth within this document and agrees to pay for services rendered.
If completion of the Company’s obligations under these Terms is prevented or delayed by any act or omission of the Client or its agents, subcontractors, consultants, or employees, Netwave shall not be deemed in breach of its obligations under these Terms or otherwise liable for any costs, charges or losses sustained or incurred by Client.  In each case where the Client delay exceeds 30 days during any phase of the project, the project will be removed from our production schedule and all costs incurred to date will be invoiced to the client at that time, payable upon receipt.  Subsequently, upon continuation of the project, the project will be re-estimated based on the remaining work to be completed. Upon approval, the project shall be placed into our production schedule where it fits at the time. 

(Add the following Website section if it is a website proposal, then delete this line.)
Website
The website estimate is based upon the Client and Agency agreeing to the following process:
Based upon an approved site map, copy will be developed. The Client is then entitled to one round of revisions. After approval of the copy, the client will be presented with a home page design and an inside page design, including one round of revisions. With the approved copy and design materials, the website will be coded and presented to the client.  Two rounds of revisions (excluding copy and layout already approved) are included before pushing the site live. Any deviation from this process or project scope, such as changes made to layout and copy after coding, may result in project delays and will result in additional costs. The Agency currently supports the latest two versions of the following browsers: Microsoft Edge, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, and Safari. If compatibility with a browser other than these is required, the Agency will provide the additional server at the hourly rate of $150 per hour, which will be added to the final payment. 
Websites are billed in three installments. A 50% deposit is required to begin work. An additional 25% payment will be required once the design is approved. The remaining balance is due upon approval of the site and before the site is turned live.




Signatures

Client Signature: 
Company Name						Date

Agency Signature:
Netwave Interactive Marketing, Inc.  			             Date


Sincerely,

Name
Title

Netwave Interactive Marketing, Inc.
email@netwaveinteractive.com

