






WordPress Website




Client:
Name of Client

Prepared by:
Netwave Interactive
Executive Summary
A company’s website is a crucial marketing tool as it is often the first impression that potential customers have with a business. A well-designed website will enhance a company’s online presence, increase customer engagement, and ultimately boost sales.

Netwave will design the new website to accomplish the following goals:
	•	Goal 1 (example - simplify the navigation so customers can quickly locate needed services)
	•	Goal 2 (example - Prominently display key services on the home page)
	•	Goal 3 (Incorporate a project photo gallery to showcase recently completed projects)
	•	Improve technology to appear properly on smart devices
	•	Incorporate new branding
	•	Support lead generation campaigns
	•	Display new product offerings
	•	Support SEO services 

Recommended Services:
Copywriting
Website Design 
Website Development

Sitemap
The scope of work and estimates in this proposal are based on the sitemap below. The new website will include the following pages:

Main Navigation: 
Page
Page
Page
	•	Sub page 1
	•	Sub page 2
	•	Sub page 3
Page

Unlinked / Footer Navigation:
Page
Page

Scope of Work

Copywriting
[If Netwave is writing the content, use the following]
In crafting your website, we understand the importance content plays in capturing the attention of your audience. The content we provide will ensure your website communicates your message effectively. Our copywriting process begins with a thorough understanding of your brand, goals, and target audience. This includes an initial client interview to gather insights and objectives, research into the industry, competitors, and existing content (if applicable). Based on the insights gathered during the discovery phase, our copywriter will craft high-quality and original content that resonates with your audience and aligns with your brand voice. This includes writing and editing of website copy for all designated pages, and the creation of engaging headlines, taglines, and calls to action.

We will write / edit the following content for your new website: 
TBD
TBD

[If client is writing the content, use the following]
Content / Imagery
All page content and imagery will be provided by [CLIENT]. Any edits required to edit the content to make it usable will be considered out of scope of this proposal and will be estimated separately. If any additional imagery needs to be sourced by Netwave, this will also be estimated separately. 


Website Design
Our website design process also begins with an understanding of your brand, goals, and target audience. This includes a meeting with our designer to review inspiration, design preferences and project objectives.
After this discussion, our team of designers will develop an interactive prototype using the program Adobe XD. This prototype will provide an interactive representation of the website's design and functionality. 

The Adobe XD prototype will include:
	•	Stylesheet and theme elements
	•	Unique pages

After approval of the copy, the client will be presented with a home page design and an inside page design, including one round of revisions. With the approved copy and design materials, the website will be coded and presented to the client.  Two rounds of revisions (excluding copy and layout already approved) are included before pushing the site live.

Website Development
Our design team will collaborate with the development team to ensure the seamless integration of the design into your website. 
Our developer will install the website on our private staging environment and begin coding the website's design and functionality. This includes a custom website theme design, development of special functionality and features, form building, and plugin/extension configuration. 
Then we will populate all areas of the website with the approved copy and images. All content will be  optimized to improve search engine visibility.
Before launching the website, we thoroughly test the website to ensure it functions flawlessly. This includes, cross-browser and cross-device compatibility testing and performance optimization.
The client will have the opportunity to review the website through this process and 2 rounds of revisions are included before the website goes live.

We will develop the following custom functionalities and features for the new website:
	•	TBD
	•	TBD
	•	TBD


Why WordPress?

Selecting the right platform is essential to ensure the success of your online presence. After careful consideration and analysis, we recommend WordPress as the preferred development platform for your website project. 

Some of the features and benefits of WordPress include:
User-Friendly Content Management: WordPress is renowned for its intuitive and user-friendly content management system (CMS). It gives you the ability to easily create, edit, and manage your website's content without requiring extensive technical knowledge.

Scalability: It’s scalability allows for seamless expansion as your business grows and evolves. The library of plugins, and extensions also allow us to integrate special features and functionality efficiently, reducing development time and costs.

SEO-Friendly: WordPress is SEO-friendly, with features that facilitate better search engine visibility. Its clean code, customizable permalinks, and a wide array of SEO plugins enable us to optimize your website for search engines, helping you reach a larger audience and achieve higher rankings.

Responsive Design: WordPress themes are built with mobile responsiveness in mind, ensuring that your website looks and functions flawlessly across various devices and screen sizes.



Estimate
This estimate was prepared on [DATE].

Service
Description
Copywriting
Interview with client, copywriting for areas outlined in this proposal. 
Website Design
Adobe XD prototype of all unique pages, styles, and theme elements.
Website Development
Custom WordPress theme development, page building, styling and population, NOTE ANY SPECIAL FUNCTIONALITY OR SITE FEATURES, pre-launch testing and site launch.
Account Management
Coordination of project from start to finish, including phone calls and meetings to discuss project details and progress.
TOTAL
$0,000

INFORMATION:
This estimate will be honored for 30 days from the date above. Price accurate to +/- 10% the price quoted here is only for the work described within this estimate. A 50% deposit is required to commence work.

Review
Once the estimate is approved, Netwave will submit a digital copy of the proposal, our Agency Agreement, and a deposit invoice for payment. Upon signature and receipt of payment, the project will commence. If any new requests for development and/or design, new specs, new documents or anything that Netwave hasn’t already seen is brought up after the project has already started, additional costs can be added to the remaining invoices or can be handled in another phase of the project.


Terms and Conditions
This estimate is governed by the terms and conditions set forth within the Agency Agreement signed by the client. By signing this estimate, the client is agreeing to those terms and the terms set forth within this document and agrees to pay for services rendered.
If completion of the Company’s obligations under these Terms is prevented or delayed by any act or omission of the Client or its agents, subcontractors, consultants, or employees, Netwave shall not be deemed in breach of its obligations under these Terms or otherwise liable for any costs, charges or losses sustained or incurred by Client.  In each case where the Client delay exceeds 30 days during any phase of the project, the project will be removed from our production schedule and all costs incurred to date will be invoiced to the client at that time, payable upon receipt.  Subsequently, upon continuation of the project, the project will be re-estimated based on the remaining work to be completed. Upon approval, the project shall be placed into our production schedule where it fits at the time. 

Website
The website estimate is based upon the Client and Agency agreeing to the following process:
Based upon an approved site map, copy will be developed. The Client is then entitled to one round of revisions. After approval of the copy, the client will be presented with a home page design and an inside page design, including one round of revisions. With the approved copy and design materials, the website will be coded and presented to the client.  Two rounds of revisions (excluding copy and layout already approved) are included before pushing the site live. Any deviation from this process or project scope, such as changes made to layout and copy after coding, may result in project delays and will result in additional costs. The Agency currently supports the latest two versions of the following browsers: Microsoft Edge, Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, and Safari. If compatibility with a browser other than these is required, the Agency will provide the additional server at the hourly rate of $150 per hour, which will be added to the final payment. 
Websites are billed in three installments. A 50% deposit is required to begin work. An additional 25% payment will be required once the design is approved. The remaining balance is due upon approval of the site and before the site is turned live.




Signatures

Client Signature: 
Company Name						Date

Agency Signature:
Netwave Interactive Marketing, Inc.  			             Date


Sincerely,

Name
Title

Netwave Interactive Marketing, Inc.
email@netwaveinteractive.com



